[Music]
hey get yourself ready for 20
unexplained facts about the world it's
hard to believe are true well it's
impossible for anyone to know absolutely
everything except maybe my
brother-in-law the development of the
Internet has definitely brought some
interesting facts to light in this video
you'll find a collection of fascinating
tidbits that will surely manage to blow
your mind number 20
dolphins get high on pufferfish dolphins
and humans have more in common than
you'd think the creators of a
documentary called dolphins spy in the
pod notice something weird during
filming they saw young dolphins
carefully chewing on puffer fish and
passing it to each other these fish
release a nerve toxin that can actually
be deadly but in small amounts it has a
narcotic effect and dolphins have
learned to take advantage of this talk
about puff puff pass number 19 the
internet speed at NASA is 91 gigabits
per second this means that you'd be able
to download all the episodes of all your
favorite series in a split second don't
get too excited though because you'll
only find this super duper high-speed
internet on a private network shared by
scientific institutions in the u.s.
number 18
Japan changed its flag in 1999 Japan has
one of the most easily recognizable
flags out there a white rectangle with a
red circle on it known as the Hinomaru
or circle of the sun this symbol has a
long and rich history but perhaps you
didn't notice that in 1999 Japan decided
to shift the circle on the flag ever so
slightly towards the center no it
slipped by you well now you know number
17 JK Rowling's generosity got her
kicked off Forbes list of billionaires
the first female billionaire novelist
who brought us the magical world of
Harry Potter is living proof that money
can't spoil good people Rowling's huge
income has landed her on all kinds of
lists of the world's richest people
except in 2012 that is she didn't make
it on Forbes list of billionaires that
year because she donated about a hundred
and sixty million to different charity
organizations 16 in East Asia personal
stamps are used like signatures if
you're in China Japan or Korea and you
need to sign an official document don't
worry if you can't find a pen because
you won't need it in these countries
people use a special rubber stamp
designating their name some do write
their signature but these personal seals
remain the main tool to verify the
identity of an individual an official
business or a government body the
handles of these stamps are ornately
carved and often depict mysterious
beasts number 15 being struck by
lightning leaves a person temporarily
tattooed not many people survive being
struck by lightning but those lucky few
who come out alive also come out with
strange patterns on their skin known as
Lichtenberg figures or lightning flowers
these tattoos occur on any surface or
material damaged by high voltage
unfortunately there's no scientific
explanation as to why these patterns
occur on lightning strike victims number
14 a fetus can use its own stem cells to
heal its mother's heart in an incredible
act of self-preservation scientists have
found that a fetus will promote its own
survival by protecting its mother's
heart this phenomenon could explain why
half the women who develop heart
weakness during or just after pregnancy
recover spontaneously 13 the Philippines
is home to Island ception
in other words if you want to see an
island within a lake on an island within
a lake on an island book a trip to the
Philippines alright first off you've got
the Philippines Luzon island within that
there's Lake Taal there you'll find
volcano island that in turn is home to
main crater lake keep diving deeper to
find Vulcan Point Island within that
Lake who did you catch all that 12 Steve
Jobs made the impossible possible
a former Apple employee shared a story
that shows just how much of a genius
Steve Jobs really was when engineers
working on their very first ipod
finished the prototype they presented
their work to the boss mr. Jobs examine
the device for a bit but ultimately
rejected it saying it was too big the
engineers claimed it was impossible to
make it any smaller so job stood up
walked over to a fish tank and dropped
the iPod in the water as the device sank
to the bottom jobs pointed to the tank
and exclaimed to his team those are air
bubbles that means their space in there
make it smaller number 11 life would be
very different for humans if we had
eagle vision imagine how awesome it
would be to be able to notice an ant on
the ground from the roof of a 10-story
building to make out the expression on
basketball players faces from the worst
seats in the arena and to have a three
hundred forty degree visual field versus
the puny 180-degree one we humans have
now life with eagle vision sounds great
and all but how would you like to have
your eyes on the sides of your head
number 10 the record for the longest
uninterrupted stay in space is over a
year Russian cosmonaut Valery Polyakov
holds the record for the longest single
stay in space in human history in just
one trip he spent four hundred thirty
seven days and eighteen hours aboard the
MIR space station from January 8th 1994
to March 22nd 1995 number 9 there are no
McDonald's restaurants in Iceland
Iceland got its first McDonald's in 1993
but the fast-food chain didn't do so
well there so the last one closed its
doors in 2009 what's really interesting
is that the person who bought the last
McDonald's hamburger ever sold in
Iceland didn't eat a souvenir he kept
the burger along with the fries that
came with it in a plastic bag for three
years during this time the hamburger
didn't change at all
it didn't mold or decompose or anything
scary number eight one guy went from fit
to overweight to fit again in just a
year American fitness coach drew Manning
decided to conduct an experiment so he
could better understand people who
struggle to lose weight and perhaps help
them with this battle he quit exercising
and started eating junk food and
drinking soda in six months he gained 66
pounds yet when he went back to his
previous diet and exercise regimen
he lost all this extra weight within
another six months well so much for my
endless excuses
number seven Australia's first police
force was formed from convicts for a
long time the British government exiled
criminals to its Australian colony but
as you can imagine crime rates started
growing there and something needed to be
done about it
so when the first police force was
formed in Australia in 1788 it consisted
entirely of the most well behaved
convicts living there this force was
also called the Night Watch mmm sounds
familiar
[Music]
number six Germany counts its trees if
you visit Germany you might notice that
all the trees in the parks are numbered
that's because specialists there count
trees and collect data on their age
condition and so on they're also very
careful about providing the trees with
proper care so that they don't fall down
way to set an example Germany number
five the loneliest creature on earth is
a whale the most lonesome creature on
the planet is a whale that lives in the
North Pacific Ocean it's been calling
for a mate for 20 years unfortunately
the frequency of its call is unusually
high-pitched so none of the other whales
in the area will answer it boy it's a
really long time to be single number
four earthquakes
make our days shorter extremely powerful
earthquakes shorten the day on our
planet oh and these changes are
permanent major tremors actually shift
the planets spin on its axis for example
the earthquake that happened in Japan in
2011 robbed us of 1.8 microseconds of
the day as for the Sumatra earthquake in
2004 it cost us about 7 microseconds
number 3 the longest concert ever will
last 639 years this record-breaking
musical performance is happening right
now in st. Roch Rd church in Halberstadt
Germany it started in September 5th 2001
and is planned to end in 2640 the piece
being played is American composer John
Cage's work called as slow as possible
and yes it's pretty slow the last change
of a note was in 2013 and the next is
set for 2020
Wow are the musicians Union what a gig
number two there is such a thing as
laughter epidemics well at least one
epidemic of uncontrollable laughter
broke out in 1962 in Tanzania it
affected several thousands of people in
different villages and one school even
had to be closed this strange condition
also included symptoms like pain
fainting rashes and crying and number
one people have died from dancing in
1518 Strasbourg was affected by a bout
of inexplicable dancing it lasted for
one month and was dubbed dance fever
aha there was no clear reason why people
were dancing non-stop but some actually
died from exhaustion
well what fact did you find the most
surprising tell us in the comments below
if this video was fun for you then give
us a like and remember to subscribe to
our channel to stay with us on the
bright side of life
[Music]